Some facts about Rajnikant from his films:

1. Rajnikant has a Brain Tumor which, according to the doctors can’t be cured and his death is imminent. In one of the fights, our great Rajnikant is shot in the head. To everybody’s surprise, the bullet passes through his ears taking away the tumor along with it and he is cured! Long Live Rajnikant!

2. In another movie, Rajnikant is confronted with 3 gangsters. Rajnikant has a gun but unfortunately only one bullet and a knife. He throws the knife at the middle gangster & shoots the bullet towards the knife. The knife cuts the bullet into 2 pieces, which kills both the gangsters on each side of the middle gangster & the knife kills the middle one.

3. Rajnikant is chased by a gangster. Rajnikant has a revolver but no bullets in it. Rajnikant waits for the gangster to shoot. As soon as the gangster shoots, Rajnikant opens the bullet compartment of his revolver and catches the bullet. Then, he closes the bullet compartment and fires his gun. Bang… the gangster dies…

4. Rajnikant gets to know that the villain is on the other side of a very high wall. Rajnikant has to desperately kill the villain because it’s the climax. Rajnikant suddenly pulls two guns from his pockets. He throws one gun in the air and when the gun has reached above the height of the wall, he uses the second gun and shoots at the trigger of the first gun in air. The first gun fires off and the villain is dead.

Make sure to check the funny Rajnikant Funny Advertisements Here


Punjabiportal Facts of Rajnikant

1. Everytime you see Internal Server Errors on PP, it’s Rajnikant trying to join PP. PP shuts itself down in fear.

2. Everything Punjabiportal has been so far was actually done to publish this article in praises of Rajnikant.

Members can suggest more facts about Rajnikant and punjabiportal.com and submit it in comments. We will add them with your name in this article.

Facts submitted by the readers of this article:

1. Rajnikant can make calls from his iPod to his iPad…!!! - by Ketan Raiyani

2. Once Rajnikaant signed a cheque… and the Bank bounced!!! - by Ankit Shukla

3. Once Death had ‘near Rajnikant experience’ !! - by Ankit Shukla

4. When GOD is shocked he exclaims “Oh my Rajnikaant!”? - by Ankit Shukla

5. Great mystery solved : the missing piece of apple in Apple’s Logo was eaten by Rajnikant!! - by Ankit Shukla

6. The world is not ending in 2012…. Rajnikant just bought a laptop with 3 yrs warranty!!? - by Ankit Shukla


 
7. Rajnikant knows the exact value of Pi upto a Googol - by TJ

8. Rajnikant knows what came first, chicken or egg!! - by TJ

9. Rajnikant once won an argument with his wife. - by Vivek Singhania

10. There in nothing Rajini’Kant do. - by Pras

11. Rajnikanths nxt project. Titanic in Tamil. Climax revised. Both survive. Rajnikant swims across the Atlantic Ocean with heroine in one hand and… Titanic in the other. – by Sourav Ghosh

12. Neo was “the one” Rajinikant is “the only one” - by Pras

13. Superman once got into a fight with Rajnikanth. The loser had to wear his underwear over his pants. - by Rajini

14. Intel’s new caption – Rajnikant Inside. - by Prabh

15. Rajanikanth can do a wheelie on a unicycle. - by Abbas

16. Rajini doesn’t need water supply. Hydrogen and Oxygen merge at the sight of him and produce water whenever he wants. - by Abbas



17. All of the theories on Dinosaur Extinction are wrong. Rajnikant simply stomped his foot and they all died. - by Abbas

18. If Rajnikant gets into a car accident (yeah right) His car will need some airbags to protect it from him. - by Abbas

19. Contrary to popular belief, Rajnikant cannot fly. He just jumps and chooses when to come down. - by Abbas

20. Some magicans can walk on water, Rajnikant can swim through land. - by Abbas

21. If Rajnikant ever got caught for speeding, he’d let the cops off with a warning. - by Abbas

22. Rajnikant can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together. - by Abbas

23. Rajnikant runs until the treadmill gets tired - by Abbas

24. Rajnikant irons his Pants with them still on. - by Abbas

25. Rajnikant can squeeze orange juice from a banana - by Abbas

26. In the back of the book of world records, it says “All records are held by Rajnikant. The ones listed are in second place.” - by Abbas

27. Rajnikant can tie his shoes with his feet. - by Abbas

28. The Great Wall of China was originally created to keep Rajnikant out. It failed miserably. - by Abbas

29. Basketball player: I can spin a ball on my finger for 2 hrs… can u..?? - by Abbas

Rajnikanth: enna rascala… How do u think the earth spins…?? :) mind it! - by siva

30. In an wild argument, rajnikant showd a middle finger to his GF…n she gt pregnant !!! - by siva

31. 1000 yrs from now……..robots will make movie named “Rajanikant” - by siva

32.Paul The Octopus was asked to predict when would Rajnikant Die …………….. R.I.P PAUL !!!! - by Nikhil

33. Rajnikanth once entered a race he came first, second and third. – by Arpit Rathi

34. Rajnikanth added facebook as his friend. - by Arpit Rathi

35. Once Rajnikant was caught on the highway for over speeding… while walking… - by Arpit Rathi

36. Rajnikant once wrote his autobiography. Today that book is known as “Guiness book of world RECORDS”. - by Arpit Rathi

37. Once Rajnikant taught a kid how to open a door without ringing d bell. Today that child is know as CID inspector DAYA. - by Arpit Rathi

38. Once Rajnikant mumbled some numbers in his sleep. Those numbers are today collectively known as the “LOG TABLE.” - by Nikhil

39.When Rajnikanth was a kid he made his mom eat her vegetables! – by Harvinder Singh Gill

40. The oceans are filled with tears of Rajnikanths victims. – by Harvinder Singh Gill

41. The Punjabi singer Pooja was at one time married but then Rajnikanth started to have a crush on her… and now she’s Miss Pooja. – by Harvinder Singh Gill

42. The only reason ShahRukh Khan stuttered in the movie Darr is because he saw Rajnikanth behind Juhi Chawla!! – by Harvinder Singh Gill

43. The movie Krrish is loosely based on Rajnikanth’s life. – by Harvinder Singh Gill

44. Gandhi’s non violence movement REALLY pissed Rajnikanth off. – by Harvinder Singh Gill

45. India actually didn’t have 50,000 crores for organizing the Commonwealth games… Rajnikanth gave it to them! – by Harvinder Singh Gill

46. An email was sent from Pune to Mumbai … Rajnikant stopped it in Lonawala. - by Nikhil

47. Rajnikant Bcom Accounting Answr Paper is Termed as ACCOUNTING STANDARDS - by Nikhil

48. Once Rajnikant participated in Bike race. Don’t even try 2 guess wat happened. Rajnikant won d race on Neutral gear. Mind it anna.. - by Nikhil

49. Once Rajnikant lost his Wallet. Since then The World is Facing Recession - by Nikhil

50. Rajnikanth once threw a coin in disgust at a black beggar, the beggar is now known as 50 Cent - by Nikhil



51. Newton gave us just the three dumb laws of motion. Rajinikanth has already given us 33,945 laws of commotion and the count is far from completed. - by John Cena D-X

52. Rajinikanth is a vegetarian. Meaning, he does not eat animals until first he puts them into vegetative state with his fists. - by John Cena D-X

53. Raincoats were developed to prevent raindrops from getting electrocuted on coming within 100 metres of Rajinikanth. (Gap10 fans, excuse) - by John Cena D-X

54. Thousands of years ago Rajinikanth came across a bear. It was so terrified that it fled north into the arctic. It was also so terrified that all of its descendents now have white hair. - by John Cena D-X

55. The movie ‘300' was initially planned to be made with Rajinikanth. It was originally named ‘1'. - by John Cena D-X

56. We face earthquakes only when Rajnikanth plays skipping. - by Sushil

57. Once Rajnikanth was on Hot Seat of KBC and Computer needed Lifeline to Choose the question. - by Manish

58. Once Rajni was having sex in a Fiat . A sperm escaped and entered the engine of the car …that car is now called Ferrari. – by Agn

59. If Rajinikanth’s PC hangs, its time for the next Windows release by Microsoft. - by Harkirat

60. Rajnikanth gargles with Frag Grenads. - by Pratik Raval

61. There used to be a street named after Rajnikanth, but it was changed because nobody crosses Rajnikanth and lives. – by Pratik Raval

62. Rajnikanth was supposed to play the lead role in Mission: Impossible. He was replaced by Tom Cruise because the tittle wouldn’t make any sense. – by Pratik Raval

63. Rajnikanth can run you over with a parked car. – by Pratik Raval

64. Rajnikanth can whistle in five different languages, including sign language - by Pratik Raval

65. Rajnikanth can sneeze with his eyes open. - by Pratik Raval

66. Once, Rajnikanth told Nike to ‘just do it…’ and it did. - by Pratik Raval

67. If 12/21/2012 is the end of the world, it means that Rajnikanth got bored with humanity - by Pratik Raval

68. A new Nostradamus prophecy has been uncovered. Armageddon & Rajnikanth are one and the same. - by Pratik Raval

69. Lifetime Warranties do not exist because of Rajnikanth. – by Pratik Raval

70. Rajnikanth doesn’t have bad days. Bad days have Rajnikanth - by Pratik Raval

71. Rajnikanth has nicknames for his feet… Hiroshima and Nagaski. - by Pratik Raval

72. When Rajnikanth was born, the only person crying was the doctor. You NEVER slap Rajnikanth. - by Pratik Raval

73. Rajnikanth puts his pants on two legs at a time. - by Pratik Raval

74. Rajnikanth CAN read Lady Gaga’s poker face. – by Pratik Raval

75. Two ghosts were talking.. One consoled other “Don’t fear brother.. there is nothing like Rajnikant” – by Gaurav Sharma

76. Once Bill Gates went to Rajnikant. For what? To ask for DVD of Windows 8. – by Aaruni Parimal

77. No one can wish a happy birthday to Rajjnikanth cause he was here before time existed – by Mrugesh

78. i have got so many rajnikanth jokes on my mobile phone……..dat i dont require a charger now:) - by Neeraj

79. Rajnikant got admission in medical profession. And gave viva exam. In the end he asked the examiner to come back after preparation. - by Sandeep

80. Rajnikant’s daughter lost her virginity. Rajnikant found it and gave it back to her !!! - by ssumanth

81. Rajnikant was born on 30th february.. Since then february decided not to give this date to anyone else..!! Mind it.. - by Sandeep

82. If ever you want to pinch Rajnikant,The best thing you can do is launch a missile at him. – by Arun Prasad

83. Once Rajnikant and a small girl were playing cards. Rajni loses the game inspite having 3 ACES. Why?? Because The girl had 3 RAJNIKANTS…!!! - by Sandeep

84. Well, this one will be understood well by medical persons. Once acute renal failure patient comes to RAJNIKANT. After getting bored of his complaints, RAJNIKANT just says ‘sssshhhuu’ and kidney starts functioning. - by Sandeep

85. Rajni in Tamil remake of Aamir’s Ghulam. Rajni runs on railway track, the train is now at a distance of 1 mtr. Now what? Obviously… The train jumps off the track. - by Sandeep

86. Even gajani remembers rajni. - by Sandeep

87. This year’s RAJNIKANT award goes to …… Oscar - by Sandeep

88. Graham Bell ne lamppost ke neeche padhai ki.. Rabindranath Tagore ne laalten mein padhai ki. Einstein ne doosre logo ki khidki se aati thodi si roshni mein padhai ki. Aur Rajnikanth ne Agarbatti mein :) – -by GGJJ

89. Grammatical thinking:Those think in universe in one we start with THE. like THE sun. so not call rajni call THE rajnikant. - by @nk!t

90. Why Osama isn’t caught? Well!! Rajnikanth isn’t interested. - by nihilist

91. Even wildest of animals get goosebumps at the sight of Rajnikanth. Porcupines find him even scary. - by nihilist

92. Once Rajnikant participated in 100 meter running race. Don’t even try 2 guess wat happened. Rajnikant won the race. Seeing this Einstein committed suicide . do U know why. Coz light came third, but who came 2nd Rajnikant’s shadow. - by Sandeep

93. One day Rajnikanth bunked school, now its known as Sunday. – by dollysandhu

94. The newly got symbol for the rupee is actually Rajnikhant’s signature. -by Nikhil_The_One

95. Rajnikanth cannot work in a BPO (Business Process Outsourcing) Why??? because he himself is a process. - by RupamChowdhury

96. My laptop is now totally safe from trojans and virus… I just installed RAJNIKANTH Antivirus in my system !! - by Manish

97. Gf: Mera koi picha karte rehta hai…
Rajni: ok..
Nxt day…
Gf: Hey… where the hell is My Shadow???? - by Ali

98. When rajnikanth dies, the grave doesnt read RIP, it reads ‘BRB’ - by Zain

99. World cup 2011 Grouping:

Group A: AUS,PAK,SL,NZ,ZIM,CANADA,KENYA,IND,SA,ENG,WI
BAN,IRL and NETHERLAND

Group B: RAJNIKANTH. - by Ali

100. Rajnikanth got inspired by Superman , Batman and Hanuman and wanted to beat them all in a single shot so he wore underwear over lungi , grew a tail to his back and wore a bedsheet behind him. – by Bhanupriya

101. Rajnikanth’s postal address: Rajnikanth , Madras - by Dholak

102. Rajanikanth can eat lunch before breakfast. - by Me

103. Rajanikanth is the only person to have got nobel prize in acting. - by Me

104. When Pope walks with Rajanikanth, People ask “Who is that guy in robe?” - by Me

105. Laughing Budha is the Japanese guy whom Rajni told a joke in childhood…. - by Aditya

106. No one is perfect, Rajnikant is no one – by Yukta

107. Rajnikanth, it seems is a verb and not a noun. Its the continuous process happening inside and around us. - by Harsh

108. The Indian Government has requested Rajnikanth to restrict importing Bullet trains from China for using them as cartridges in his pistol - by Harsh

109. Rajnikant is lovin’ it! – Macdonald’s new tagline - by Harsh

110. Rajnikanth swaps his visitng cards at ATMs to get cash - by Harsh

111. Once rajni sent an sms to Einstein . It read – E=MC2 - by Harsh

112. Corporate Slogans as they should be:

Impossible is Rajnikanth – Adidas

The car in front is Rajnis – Toyota.

Rajnikanth at Work – General Electric (GE)

I am Rajnikanth! What? Rajnikanth I am – Reebok

Connecting Rajnikanth – Nokia

Hello Rajnikanth – Motorola

Express Rajnikanth – Airtel Cellular Service India

A Rajnikanth can change your life – Idea Cellular India

Do you… rajnikanth!? – Yahoo

High Performance, Delivered – Accenture for Rajnikanth

Republic of Rajnikanth - by Dr Sunil

113. Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what rajnikanth can do for your country.- by Dr Sunil

114. Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love with rajnikanth.- by Dr Sunil

115. One night at 2AM in the morning Rajni gets a phone call saying, “Congratulation Rajnikant you have won the Noble Peace prize and an all expence paid trip to Bangkok.” Rajni puts the phone down, Mrs Rajnikant asks who was it. Rajni replies. “Some bloody telemarketing guy”- by Dr Sunil

116. By the time Grahambell invented telephone, he had 2missed calls from Rajnikanth. – by gau

117. Aishwairya rai to rajnikant: ek chutki sindhoor ki kimat tum kya jaano rajni babu???
Rajnikant: 0.000000078650000123478956 grams - by Akshay B

118. Once a boy went to xerox Rajnikant’s photograph. The xerox machined got copied twice… - by Dattaraya

119. When Rajnikant signs in at Facebook, Facebook updates its status. - by kundan

120. Anhoni ko honi karde
honi ko anhoni,
ek jagah jab Jama ho teeno
RAJNI , GAJANI aur DHONI.
Congrets team India for winning the cricket world cup. - by Sandeep

121. Once it was extreamly clowdy in china. then they found out that it was rajni who was smoking from india. -by Rohini

122. Rajni was shot with a bullet. The next day it was the bullet’s funeral. -by Rohini

123. Alfred Nobel recieved the Rajnikant Award! - by RNB

124. Once Rajnikant participated in 100m race, obviously he came 1st. But Einstein died after noticing that Light came 2nd..!! - by chaitanya

125. Rajnikaant’s heartbeat is measured in richter scale. – by Yusuf Abdullah

126. Even lord “voldemort” refers 2 Rajini as “He who must not be named” – by Dinesh Rath

127. Once Rajnikant bought 4 acers of land and made 4 wells at each corner. People asked wht was he doing. He answerd that he wanted to play Carrom. - by Raj

128. Rajnikanth bought 2 elephants ,2 camels and 2 horses from the zoo. Why? To Play chess! - by Mahesh Pawar

129. Q: What did John Logie Baird found when he invented television? Ans: There is Rajni’s movie already telecasting! - by Sampat

130. Rajnikant is really mad about people making sms jokes on him that he is thinking of deleting forward options from every phone. – by Zing

131. Rajni knows what’s cookin’ (Rock) - by DATTATRAYA



The Hollywood Facts of Rajnikant

1. Chuck Norris once met Rajinikanth. The result – He was reduced to a joke on the internet.

2. Rajinikanth kills Harry Potter in the ninth book.

3. Rajinikanth calls Voldemort by his name.

4. Rajinikanth gave the Joker those scars.

5. Rajinikanth killed Spiderman using Baygon Anti Bug Spray.

6. Rajinikant electrocuted Iron Man.

7. To be or not to be? That is the question. The answer? Rajinikanth.

8. 10 actors have played the role of James Bond. No one has been able to enact Rajnikant… THE REAL JAMES BOND.

9. Rocky never challanged the one man who can defeat him… Rajnikant

10. Why do you think there are no superheroes in india…. Simple… no one can invade Rajnikant’s territory.



Rajnikant Vs the Computer World

1. Rajanikanth can delete the Recycling Bin.

2. Bill Gates lives in constant fear that Rajanikanth’s PC will crash.

3. Rajnikant’s email id is gmail@rajnikant.com

4. If you Google search ‘Rajnikant getting kicked’, you will generate zero results. It just doesn’t happen.

5. Google won’t find Rajinikanth because you don’t find Rajinikanth; Rajinikanth finds you.

6. Rajinikanth can make PCs better than the Mac.

7. If you spell Rajanikanth wrong on Google it doesn’t say, “Did you mean Rajanikanth?” It simply replies, “Run while you still have the chance.”

8. The only man who ever outsmarted Rajinikanth was Stephen Hawking, and he got what he deserved.



General facts about Rajnikant

1. Rajnikant has counted to infinity-twice.

2. When Rajnikant does pushups, he isn’t lifting himself up, he’s pushing the earth down.

3. Rajnikant doesn’t wear a watch, he decides what time it is!!

4. Rajnikant’s house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.

5. The Bermuda Triangle used to be the Bermuda Square, until Rajnikant kicked one of the corners off.

6. Rajnikant once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills, they just made him blink.

7. Rajnikant’s every step is a mini whirlwind. Hurricane Katrina was the result of his morning jog!

8. Where there is a will, there’s a way. Where there is Rajnikant, there is no other way!!

9. There are no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, Rajnikant lives in Chennai!

10. Rajanikanth can build a snowman…. out of rain.

11. Rajanikanth can strangle you with a cordless phone.

12. Rajanikanth can drown a fish.

13. Rajanikanth can play the violin….on a piano.

14. When Rajanikanth enters a room, he doesn’t turn the lights on ….he turns the dark off.

15. Rajanikanth once had a heart attack…. his heart lost.

16. Rajanikanth makes onions cry.

17. It takes Rajnikant 20 minutes to watch 60 minutes .

18. The only things that run faster and longer than Rajnikant are his films.

19. Ghosts are actually caused by Rajanikanth killing people faster than Death can process them.

20. When Rajanikanth looks in a mirror the mirror shatters, because not even glass is stupid enough to get in between Rajanikanth and Rajanikanth.

21. Rajnikant gave Mona Lisa that smile.

22. Rajanikanth does not know where you live, but he knows where you will die.

23. Outer space exists because it’s afraid to be on the same planet with Rajnikant.

24. Rajnikant is so fast. He can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.

25. A Handicap parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Rajanikanth and that you will be handicapped if you park there.

26. Rajanikanth’ calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd, no one fools Rajanikanth.

27. Once a cobra bit Rajanikanth’ leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.

28. When Rajanikanth gives you the finger, he’s telling you how many seconds you have left to live.

29. Rajanikanth can kill two stones with one bird.

30. Rajanikanth was once on Celebrity Wheel of Fortune and was the first to spin. The next 29 minutes of the show consisted of everyone standing around awkwardly, waiting for the wheel to stop.

31. Leading hand sanitizers claim they can kill 99.9 percent of germs. Rajanikanth can kill 100 percent of whatever he wants.

32. There is no such thing as global warming. Rajanikanth was cold, so he turned the sun up.

33. Rajanikanth can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.

34. Rajanikanth has a deep and abiding respect for human life… unless it gets in his way.

35. Rajanikanth once shot down a German fighter plane with his finger, by yelling, “Bang!”

36. In an average living room there are 1,242 objects Rajanikanth could use to kill you, including the room itself.

37. Behind every successful man, there is a woman. Behind every dead man, there is Rajanikanth.

38. Rajanikanth destroyed the periodic table, because Rajanikanth only recognizes the element of surprise.

39. Rajanikanth got his drivers license at the age of 16 Seconds.

40. With the rising cost of gasoline, Rajanikanth is beginning to worry about his drinking habit.

41. The square root of Rajanikanth is pain. Do not try to square Rajanikanth, the result is death.

42. When you say “no one’s perfect”, Rajanikanth takes this as a personal insult.

43. Rajinikanth once kicked a horse in the chin. Its descendants are today called giraffes.

44. Rajinikanth killed the Dead Sea.

45.. When Rajinikanth does push-ups, he isn’t lifting himself up. He is pushing the earth down.

46. There is no such thing as evolution, it’s just a list of creatures that Rajinikanth allowed to live.

47. Rajnikanth can divide by zero.

48. Rajinikanth can win at Solitaire with only 18 cards.

49. Rajinikanth did in fact, build Rome in a day.

50. Rajinikanth never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself in fear.



51. Rajinikanth doesn’t breathe. Air hides in his lungs for protection.

52. Words like awesomeness, brilliance, legendary etc. were added to the dictionary in the year 1949. That was the year Rajinikanth was born.

53. Rajinikanth does not own a stove, oven, or microwave, because revenge is a dish best served cold.

54. Rajinikanth has already been to Mars, that’s why there are no signs of life there.

55. Rajinikanth doesn’t move at the speed of light. Light moves at the speed of Rajinikanth.

56. Rajinikanth knows Victoria’s secret.

57. Water boils faster when Rajinikanth stares at it.

58. Rajinikanth got small pox when he was a kid. As a result small pox is now eradicated.

59. Rajinikanth leaves messages before the beep.

60. The last time Rajinikanth killed someone, he slapped himself to do it. The other guy just disintegrated. Resonance.

61. Rajinikanth can answer a missed call.

62. Rajinikanth doesn’t need a visa to travel abroad, he just jumps from the tallest building in Chennai and holds himself in the air while the earth rotates.

63. Rajinikanth’s brain works faster than Chacha Chaudhury’s.

64. Rajinikanth doesn’t shower. He only takes blood baths.

65. Rajinikant can give pain to Painkillers and headache to Anacin.

66. Rajinikanth knows what women really want.

67. Time and tide wait for Rajinikanth.

68. Rajinikanth sneezed only once in his entire life, that’s when the tsunami occurred in the Indian ocean.

69. As a child when Rajinikanth had dyslexia, he simply re-scripted the alphabet.

70. The quickest way to a man’s heart is with Rajinikanth’s fist.

71. Rajinikanth puts the ‘laughter’ in manslaughter.

72. Rajinikanth goes to court and sentences the judge.

73. Rajinikanth is a champion in the game “Hide n’ seek”, as no one can hide from Rajinikanth.

74. Rajinikant proves Newton wrong all the time. Every time he performs an action, he simply eliminates anything and everything that can provide the reaction.

75. Rajinikant is a weapon created by God to use on doomsday to end the world.

76. Aliens do indeed exist. They just know better than to visit a planet that Rajinikanth is on.

77. We live in an expanding universe. All of it is trying to get away from Rajinikanth.

78. If at first you don’t succeed, you’re not Rajinikanth.

79. When Rajinikanth plays Monopoly, it affects the actual world economy.

80. Rajinikanth is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.


World's Smallest Car!

Mayan Prophecies Are Coming True!

Top 10 Latest Mobile Phones!

See the Most Breathtaking Pics Here! They Are Actually Real!

The Most Stunning Moments From Indian Movies
You might also like

Rajnikant Jokes – Funny Rajnikant Advertisements We have an immensely popular article here comprising of a lot of fun facts about superstar Rajnikant....	

Indian F1 Grand Prix Jokes While it has been promised that there will be no cows and dogs on the track, there is a lot that we have...	

Ekam: Son of Soil – Review Ekam... Son of Soil, opened to house full theaters everywhere. One couldn't even get the tickets, everyone...	

Delhi to Lahore Punjabi Film Film - Delhi to Lahore Director - Balbir Begampuri Producer - Vijay Khepad It is worth mentioning...	

The Experience of Watching Ek Noor When I went to the special screening of Ek Noor, I had a vision of a movie solidly grounded in good craftsmanship...
Grab This Widget
Tags: Funny, Hindi Film

This entry was posted on Tuesday, October 5th, 2010 at 1:00 am	 and is filed under Funny Article, Non Punjabi. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
406 Responses to “Before you watch Robots, Know this about Rajnikant”

once rajnikant bought 4 acers of land and made 4 well at each corner. people asked wht r u doing. he answerd that he want to play carrom

Really fantastic Dude !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Do u know y in japan der is frequent eartquakes coz our great RAJNIKANT has lost his mobile in VIBRATE MODE!!!!!!!!!!!

Rajanikant bowled to The Great Sachin Tendulkar and Finally he came to know his limits……

Rajni climbed Mt. Everest last year in his bike. To save petrol he reached the top in neutral.

Even lord “voldemort” refers 2 “rajini as (he who must not be named)…….

rajnikanth can send a letter to delhi which is addressed to mumbai

This one was really funny, posting this on facebook :)

Reply
Once RajniKanth Recharge of Rs.88 of 21000 sms per month, he has to recharge of the same on the next day…

Did you know ? if Facebook was a country,… its the third largest in the World…
WAIT . If # of Rajini fans was a Country… then it’s 6 universe put together

rajnikant is perfect ………..(i)
but,no one is perfect ….(ii)
so, rajnikant=no one
and,No one killed jessica
therefore, Rajnikant killed jessica

a) Rajnikant can gargle with potassium cyanide.

Once Rajnikanth was travelling in a plane in switzerland and suddenly his purse fell down.. That place is now called swiss bank!!

When Rajanikant sleeps, the Earth spins slowly, to avoid jerks.

Earlier the Sun used to rise from the West. Then Rajanikant bought a house with an East facing window !

At the start of every Olympic Games, the organizers send a “Thank You” letter to Rajanikant – for not participating.

Once Rajnikant had race with time, and guess what time is still running :)

Rajnikant gave birth to his MOM n DAD….

when rajini was a child, teacher used to bunk the class

Once Rajinikanth ordered a masala dosa in Mc Donalds. Mc. Donalds said we dont make dosas
Rajini said “Get Out” . Since that day, Mc Donald’s sits outside in his own resturant

Once Rajanikanth went for a morning walk at 6 am and he was arrested at 8 am.
why?
.
.
.
.
Coz he went to USA without VISA…………

once rajnikant drooped walet in some place today that place is called swiss bank

Once ali and abishek bachan were going in hayabuza 2 catch john abraham……….
but rajni kanth overtaked them with a bicycle and he caught dem………..and said save fuel………..


once rajnikant went to hotel. he ordered some food. the waiter came up with 250 roties. rajni said– wat do u think …i m an elephant…..take upper 3 roties back….

once a cobra bit rajnikanth…………….n aftr 5 days of exadurating pain………….d cobra died…!!!

Rajnikanth can send friends request to aliens in facebook.

Rajinikanth got selected in Roadies…Next day during the vote out:
Rajinikanth: I’m sorry Raghu, apka Roadies ka safar yahi khatam hota hai :P

once god had a fight with rajnikant…..Aaj bhagwan upar hai…

once a black boy came to rajni’s house…Rajni ask…A-Kon….n that boy is today Akon..

rajni is going to launch new browser, the facilities are
1. ur email id will bw (rr)
2. u can access dis through a radio.
3. it can work off line.
4.it can do any work before u think it, lyk inbox is open then u think of opening the inbox

Newton’s law fails because Rajnikanth gives Action but do not take Reaction.

Rajnikanth can change atmospheric pressure.
Problems get solved themselves in front of Rajnikanth.
NaCl (strong electrolye) ionizes partially infront of Rajnikanth.
Rajnikanth can create and destroy Mass.
Rajnikant can score 100 marks in Applied Mechanics.
When Rajni stares at AC, it changes to DC.
Q: Whats their inside Mali sir bag? .. ANS: Notes of Rajnikanth.

I cracked IITJEE and got top rank. I wrote “Rajini” as answer to every question

its a Bird! Its a Plane! Its Superman! IT IS RAJINIKANTH!!!

jab wright brother ne apna first plane udaya tab usne dekha rajnikant apne fighter jet se overtake kar raha hai.

Gabbar Singh’s mother told gabbar” So ja beta nahi toh Rajnikanth aa jayega”

ek thik rajnikant walk kar raha tha,usi waqt ek admi piche sey bike pey aya aur rajnikant ko sar pe mara……..rajnikant ne apni revolver nikali aur uspe goli chalayi….woh admi agey aur goli piche,,,,thodi dher main goli aur woh admi same level pe ageye us admi ne bike dhimi key aur goli agey nikalgayi……woh admi hasa haha….tera nisana chuk gaya rajini……achanak goli ghumi aur us admi k sar pe lagi……aur uski maut ho gayi…..rajinikant hasa aur bola rajnikant kabi piche se hamla nahi karta……MIND IT???????
